26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                                  Fireblocks Key Link Overview – Fireblocks Help Center


                     Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience

                                                                           Fireblocks Help Center Search the Help Center /




        Fireblocks Key Link Overview
        Updated 6 months ago

        With Fireblocks Key Link, you can integrate your organization's Key Management solution
        with the platform. This enables you to leverage the following features:
              Robust wallet management capabilities
              Built-in node infrastructure
              Governance engine
              Transfer network
              Automated compliance functionality
        You can seamlessly manage assets across hot, warm, and air-gapped cold storage
        environments from a single platform. Manage your key storage in cloud hardware enclaves
        or with FIPS-certified hardware security models (HSMs) in the cloud or on-prem.
        This article assumes your Key Management Infrastructure is based on an HSM. However, we
        allow the usage of other systems that support this framework.

        Architecture




https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14228517105052-Fireblocks-Key-Link-Overview                                  1/3
26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                                  Fireblocks Key Link Overview – Fireblocks Help Center


                     Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience

                                                                           Fireblocks Help Center                           /




        The Fireblocks Key Link workspace setup differs from the standard Fireblocks MPC-based
        workspaces by allowing customers to host several key components, as shown in the
        diagram above.
        The following lists describes the components and their responsibilities:
              Fireblocks Agent: An open-source repository that needs to be hosted by the
              customer. It is an on-prem service (Typescript) responsible for retrieving new
              messages to sign from Fireblocks, relaying these messages to the customer’s HSM
              through the customer’s server, and returning the signed results to Fireblocks.
              Customer Server: Developed and hosted by the customer. Receives messages to
              sign from the Fireblocks Agent, signs the messages via the customer’s HSM, and
              relays them back to Fireblocks. The customer server can have any custom logic
              (e.g., custom on-prem policy, transaction validation, etc.) to approve or reject
              transaction signing requests.
              HSM Component: The actual HSM implementation. Can be on-prem, cloud-based,
              hot or cold HSM, or a different Key Management System.
https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14228517105052-Fireblocks-Key-Link-Overview                                     2/3
26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                                  Fireblocks Key Link Overview – Fireblocks Help Center

              HSMDon't
                   Adaptor:  Anyou're
                       see what optional separate
                                      looking      component
                                              for? Log in for thethat  can, for
                                                                  full Help     example,
                                                                            Center experience
              communicate with an offline (cold) HSM. An online HSM setup can be part of the
              customer server code or a separate component.
                                                                           Fireblocks Help Center                           /
        Learn more about Getting started with Fireblocks Key Link.



                                                             Was this article helpful?
                                                                      Yes              No

        ON THIS PAGE
              Architecture


             Related Articles
                     Getting started with Fireblocks Key Link




      fireblocks.com          Status        API Docs         Console         info@fireblocks.com



      Fireblocks © 2026. All Rights Reserved. NMLS Registration Number: 2066055
      Privacy Policy




https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14228517105052-Fireblocks-Key-Link-Overview                                     3/3
