26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                             Set up your Fireblocks Vault with Key Link – Fireblocks Help Center


                     Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience

                                                                            Fireblocks Help Center Search the Help Center /




        Set up your Fireblocks Vault with
        Key Link
        Updated 6 months ago

        The Fireblocks Vault is the secure wallet storage solution for safely managing your assets
        and client funds. Learn more in the Fireblocks Vault article.
        In your Fireblocks Key Link workspace, each vault account can be assigned one ECDSA and
        one EdDSA key. Once a key is assigned to a vault account, it cannot be used in other vault
        accounts.
        The key assignment to a vault account can be done automatically to offer a more seamless
        experience. If you would like to assign a key manually to a vault account, you can do so by
        creating a vault account without the automatic key assignment option and following the
        instructions below.
        Automatic key assignment
        When you create a vault account in the Fireblocks Console, an automatic key assignment
        option appears only when there are available keys in your workspace to be assigned.




https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14231441357340-Set-up-your-Fireblocks-Vault-with-Key-Link                            1/4
26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                             Set up your Fireblocks Vault with Key Link – Fireblocks Help Center

        This function automatically assigns one ECDSA key and one EdDSA key to your vault
                Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience
        account from the pool of available keys. You can also create a new vault account with the
        Create vault account API endpoint and the autoAssign parameter set to true .
                                                                            Fireblocks Help Center                                   /
        If there are no available keys in the workspace (i.e., all the keys are already assigned to other
        vault accounts), this option will not be available, but you can create a new vault account
        without any keys assigned. When new keys become available in the workspace, you can
        assign them manually to the vault account by following the instructions in the Manual Key
        Assignment section below or by using the Key Management Dashboard.
        Manual key assignment
        You can assign keys to vault accounts using either the Key Management Dashboard or the
        API.

        Using the Key Management Dashboard
         1. Navigate to Settings > External Keys.
         2. Go to the Signing keys tab.
         3. Find an available key and click the Manage button.
         4. Assign the key to your preferred vault.
        Alternatively, from the vault account page:
           1. Go to Accounts and select your vault account.
           2. Click Assign key.
           3. Select an available key from the list.
        For detailed instructions, see Managing Keys with the Key Management Dashboard.

        Using the API
        To assign an available key to a vault account using the API:
           1. Check the list of available keys in your workspace using the Get signing keys API
              endpoint.
           2. Assign a key to a vault account with the Modify signing keyId API endpoint, by
               specifying the vault account to which you want to assign the key.
        Creating asset wallets
        Once you have created your vault account, you can create asset wallets. Once done, you
        can start receiving funds and create transactions to be signed by your HSM.

            Note
            To create a specific asset wallet in the vault account, you must have an assigned key
            with the algorithm (ECDSA, or EdDSA) required by that asset’s underlying protocol.

https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14231441357340-Set-up-your-Fireblocks-Vault-with-Key-Link                                2/4
26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                             Set up your Fireblocks Vault with Key Link – Fireblocks Help Center

            If a specific key is missing in the vault account, in the Console’s “Create asset wallet”
                  Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience
            screen, a warning message will display specifying the missing key, and the assets
            requiring that key will be disabled.
                                                                            Fireblocks Help Center                                   /




        Learn more about Monitoring your Key Link stats.



                                                              Was this article helpful?
                                                                       Yes              No



              Related Articles
                     Troubleshooting incomplete user setup


https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14231441357340-Set-up-your-Fireblocks-Vault-with-Key-Link                                3/4
26. 5. 18. 오후 3:35                                             Set up your Fireblocks Vault with Key Link – Fireblocks Help Center


                     Don't see what you're looking for? Log in for the full Help Center experience

                                                                            Fireblocks Help Center                                   /
      fireblocks.com           Status        API Docs         Console         info@fireblocks.com



      Fireblocks © 2026. All Rights Reserved. NMLS Registration Number: 2066055
      Privacy Policy




https://support.fireblocks.io/hc/en-us/articles/14231441357340-Set-up-your-Fireblocks-Vault-with-Key-Link                                4/4
